docs/hosting.md, before:

---
title: QRB Labs hosting and colocation
---

### Services

Colocation service consists of data center rackspace, internet
connectivity, power and all necessary infrastucture in secure
facilities. Hosting includes colocation service plus server monitoring
and maintenance (but does not include hardware parts).

### Prices per server per month

|  max power <br> per server  |  min number <br> of servers  |  colocation  |  hosting  |
| -----------: | -----------------: | ----------: | --------: |
|  3 kW	       |  100               | $172       |	$238    |
|              |  1000              | $94	      | $160    |
|	       |  10000		   | $88	      | $154    |
|  6 kW	       |  100		   | $247	      | $313    |
|              |  1000		   | $174       | $240    |
|              |  10000		   | $170	      | $236    |
{:.custom-table}

<br />

For full container colocation, please contact us: info@qrb-labs.com.

### Service agreement

See [Server Colocation Agreement](QRB Colocation Agreement.pdf).

Commit message:

pricing update
- 3kW -> 3.5kW
- additional services at hourly rate

docs/hosting.md, after:

---
title: QRB Labs hosting and colocation
---

### Services

Colocation service consists of data center space, internet
connectivity, power and all necessary infrastructure in secure
facilities.

### Colocation prices in USD/month

|  max power <br> per server  |  number <br> of servers  |  colocation <br> per server per month |
| -----------: | -----------------: | ----------: |
|  3.5 kW	     |  100               | $184        |
|              |  300               | $116        | 
|              |  1000               | $109	      | 
|  6 kW	       |  100		            | $247	      | 
|              |  300		            | $186        |
|              |  1000               | $174	      | 
{:.custom-table}

<br />

For full container colocation, please contact us: info@qrb-labs.com.

### Additional services

Customers have remote access to their servers via VPN, as well as physical site access for installation and maintenance of their servers, at no extra cost. 

We also provide optional "hands & eyes" services on demand, whereby our technicians will do on-site repairs, upgrades, handling etc. for the customer, at **$30/hour**.

### Service agreement

See [Server Colocation Agreement](QRB Colocation Agreement.pdf).
